portugal became world champion
Handball university after hitting the
final brazil for 29 23 in the pavilion
Guimar達es multipurpose in the city see your
Portuguese men's team
reached for the first time
that the fifth world university
handball after being runner-up
twice in Brazil in 2012 and in
in 2008 in a very
compensating there's a lot of
produce the video
we started to grow we did not have
almost 900 people involved in this
championship between official athletes
volunteer organization referees
the joy with which they lose them immoral today
and the University of Minho and then
this week is a very
rewarding what we live that is
from the point of view of our selection
men's national team wins for the first time
time in a world championship deficit
We were world champions.
already in 2012 funds almost died in the
beach say
we had the goal to get the world
so I can not force it right now
I think the happiest man in the world
we have at home at the end of our public
with our organization with the study only
only brought to twist even more flavor
victory as it was today was a pleasure
play here in my city and be champion
here in the world even better awards
national university in the first
world championship when it was set in
gaia guimar達es let's join now here there
two weeks doing internship we see here
we all won games on board and
which will continue to be as it was
until today because everything is thanks to God
It's not funny, but thanks to the media.
in lithography what zeus are are the signs
who do what we like to do with
a joy that is contagious had
damaged
It's a happiness to enjoy the day of
today because tomorrow we will start to
time so we only have the javi to study
in the other final held on Sunday
at the
Guimar達es the Brazilian team from Brazil
beat Russia by 24 17 and won the
university world title
remember that the Portuguese training
finished the race in tenth place
this is the fifth world championship
university that you have accessed, we
in the end, Sunday, in portugal
ten aces and we just want you to
is not minimizing me and have taken five
matches in the European Championship
good blood college and also in
2007 world karate and karate championship
we want to maintain this organizational level
I can already by all institutions
International and designing a way
very strong
the image of the minimum state the discussion
academic abroad a few months
not only the work of the
field but also preparation work
with the former clubs advanced with the athletes
come the availabilities see with them the
holidays that had them and had no
that some things and I also want
of girls but I think in the end
compensates the dwarf for all this work of the
fatigue convention on the last day of
competition beyond winning the title
world
the organization took stock of
positive test that took place over the
of a week in guimar達es